# UDS Core

<!-- TODO: renovate setup -->
**Supported Version**: 0.23.0

> [!CAUTION]
> UDS Core will not deploy or function properly unless deployed as part of a UDS bundle with the proper overrides applied.

## UDS Core Overrides

### S3 Bucket

The S3 bucket used by the UDS Core services, Loki, and Velero, is pointed to the MinIO or Rook-Ceph bucket generated by default using the custom Zarf Init.

### Loki CoreDNS and Queries

The CoreDNS service identified by the Loki Gateway must be pointed to the pre-packaged `rke2-coredns` service instead of its default `kube-dns`.

Query limits for Loki should be set to reasonable defaults to optimize query handling and performance. By splitting long-running queries into 30-minute intervals, the system can prevent timeouts, reduce memory usage, and improve overall query performance. Increasing the maximum outstanding requests per tenant to 32,000 allows for handling a higher volume of concurrent queries, potentially improving responsiveness and preventing throttling in high-load scenarios.

### Custom TLS Certificates

Each Istio Ingress/Egress gateway must have a valid TLS certificate. Options to point to a pre-populated certificate are provided.

### Development and Prototype Changes

See the comments within each bundle for rationale and the impact of the changes required to get things working in a development and prototyping environment. These will be resolved through the closure of the [UDS RKE2 productionization issue](https://github.com/justinthelaw/uds-rke2/issues/43).

## Additional Info

- [UDS Core Repository](https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-core)
